Dear Peering partner YYY,

TOPIC: NTT seeking permission for the deployment of NTT "Peer Locking"
    route leak prevention mechanism.

ATTACHED: PDF with technical specification for circulation in your
    engineering department.

NTT's Peer Locking mechanism is an effort to increase the Internet's
routing security by protecting NTT's BGP neighbours with an additional
layer of filtering.

We seek your explicit consent to permit NTT to deploy certain as-path
filters inside AS 2914. If you agree, the risk of your prefixes being
accepted via unauthorised paths during route leak events will be
significantly reduced on a global scale. You are encouraged to replicate
this mechanism in your own network!

There are no fees associated with Peer Locking, no contractual or legal
ramifications. Your network being designated with "Protected ASN" status
is entirely optional. You may request NTT to change this status at any
time. No operational impact of any nature is expected should you permit
NTT to deploy this additional layer of protection.
 
Peer Locking relies on peering partners communicating to NTT which
networks are authorised upstreams, or declaring that they have no IP
transit upstreams at all. NTT's implementation allows very fast
network-wide updates should the situation demand swift action. The
implementation offers granularity up to the continent level: NTT can
configure the protection mechanism to accomodate a peering partner
whom is transit-free in one continent but not in others.

Terminology:
------------
    "Protected ASN" - this is your ASN (AS XXX), all prefixes which
    contain a Protected ASN in the AS_PATH but are received via an
    unauthorised eBGP neighbour will be rejected.

    "Allowed Upstream" - a Protected ASN may indicate to NTT that a
    certain ASN is allowed to propagate prefixes which contain the
    Protected ASN in the AS_PATH. Allowed Upstreams can be configured
    globally, per region or set to "None".

Both Protected ASNs and Allowed Upstreams must be directly connected to
NTT AS2914 backbone in multiple regions to be considered eligible for
either of the two roles. 

Default operating mode
----------------------

When a peering partner agrees to be elevated to the status of Protected
ASN (by default) NTT will only accept prefixes which contain the
Protected ASN in the AS_PATH if they are received over the direct BGP
sessions between NTT and the Protected ASN. In most cases, especially
with larger peering partners, this default operating mode is sufficient.

In some cases a peering partner might want NTT to accept prefixes via an
intermediate network. NTT needs to be made aware of such cases. Peers
need to proactively communicate who their Allowed Upstreams are.

Communicating changes to NTT
----------------------------

Any change requests related to Peer Locking can be emailed to the NTT
NOC at noc@ntt.net. Our NOC will assign the request an ID for tracking
purposes and work with NTT's engineering department to review the
requested change. We strive to resolve Peer Locking change requests
within 24 hours.

Conclusion
==========

NTT believes that the Peer Locking mechanism, when applied to the twenty
largest networks in the world, will greatly reduce the impact and spread
of routeleaks.

NTT actively monitors the default-free zone through tools such as
https://puck.nether.net/bgp/leakinfo.cgi and we have already noticed a
vast improvement for networks that agreed to be a Protected ASN.

We hope we can add you to the list of Protected ASNs too!

Kind regards,

Job Snijders
NTT Communications
